Starter Kit for Testing 
LLM-Based Applications 
for Safety and Reliability
Building a Trusted, Secure and Reliable AI Ecosystem
Version 1.0
January 2026
This Starter Kit is a set of voluntary guidelines that consolidates emerging best practices and 
methodologies for testing LLM-based applications for safety and reliability.
In developing the Starter Kit, IMDA tapped on the experience of practitioners to ensure that 
the guidance is practical and useful. The Global AI Assurance Pilot , launched by AI Verify 
Foundation and IMDA, provided a rich source of insights based on real-world testing conducted 
by over 30 companies across a diverse range of sectors. We also conducted a public consultation 
with feedback from more than 60 companies, ran workshops with industry, and worked closely 
with AI experts from the Cyber Security Agency of Singapore (CSA) and the Government 
Technology Agency of Singapore (GovTech). These are further supplemented by a review of 
the latest research on testing methodologies. 
With the launch of version 1.0, we take a first step towards codifying standards for AI testing 
and assurance, and contribute to the growth of a trusted AI ecosystem.

Executive Summary
Part 1: Introduction
1.1 Objectives and Scope
1.1.1 What Does the Starter Kit Do
1.1.2 Who is the Starter Kit For
1.1.3 When to Use the Starter Kit
1.1.4 How to Read the Starter Kit Alongside Other Frameworks
1.2 Baseline Safety and Reliability
1.2.1 What is Baseline Safety and Reliability
1.2.2 What are Core Benchmarks
1.3 Structured Approach to LLM App Testing
1.3.1 How to Ensure that the Tests are Rigorous and Trusted
1.3.2 What is Output Testing
1.3.3 What is Component Testing
1.3.4 Ensuring Robustness and Consistency of Results
Part 2: Foundational Concepts
2.1 Benchmarks
2.1.1 What is a Benchmark
2.1.2	 What	Makes	a	“Good”	Test	Dataset
2.1.3 What Makes a “Good” Metric
2.1.4 What Makes a “Good” Evaluator
2.2 Red Teaming
2.2.1 What is Red Teaming
2.2.2 What is "Good" Red Teaming
2.2.3 What is Automated Red Teaming
06
08
09
09
09
10
10
11
11
11
13
13
13
13
15
16
17
17
19
21
22
24
24
25
27
Table of Contents
Part 3: Structured Testing Approach
STEP 1: IDENTIFY RELEVANT RISKS AND SET THRESHOLDS
3.1.1 Understanding Key Risks
3.1.2 Identifying Relevant Risks
3.1.3 Calibrating the Extent of Testing
3.1.4 Setting the Thresholds
STEP 2: TEST FOR THE RELEVANT RISKS
Hallucination and Inaccuracy
3.2.1 Output Testing: Domain-specific Knowledge
3.2.2 Output Testing: Out-of-Domain Topics
3.2.3 Component Testing: Testing Retrieval-Augmented Generation
Bias in Decision Making
3.3.1 Output Testing: Parity Testing
3.3.2 Output Testing: Perturbation Testing
3.3.3 Component Testing: Model and Other App Components
Undesirable Content
3.4.1 Output Testing: Types of Undesirable Content and Ease of Elicitation
3.4.2 Output Testing: Helpfulness of Responses
3.4.3 Component Testing: Input and Output Filters
Data Leakage
3.5.1 Output Testing: Types of Sensitive Data and Ease of Elicitation
3.5.2 Output Testing: Helpfulness of Responses
3.5.3 Component Testing: System Prompt
Vulnerability to Adversarial Prompts
3.6.1 Output Testing: Direct Prompt Attacks
3.6.2 Output Testing: Indirect Prompt Injections
3.6.3 Component Testing: Input Filters
STEP 3: ANALYSE RESULTS
3.7.1 Determining Whether Baseline Safety and Reliability Have Been Achieved
3.7.2 Analyse and Interpret Results
3.7.3 Continuous Monitoring and Re-testing
28
30
30
31
34
34
37
37
38
45
47
52
54
59
60
62
65
68
69
73
76
77
78
82
84
90
91
94
94
94
96

Part 4: Future Work and Resources
4.1 Future Work
4.2 Testing Tools and Platforms
4.3 Other Responsible AI Resources
4.4 Acknowledgements
4.5 References
97
98
98
99
103
105

Starter	Kit	for	Testing	LLM-Based	Applications	for	Safety	and	Reliability
Executive Summary06
Executive Summary
Testing and assurance play a critical role in a trusted artificial intelligence (AI) ecosystem. While AI companies 
generally conduct testing to demonstrate compliance with regulations, more are beginning to see it as a useful 
mechanism	to	provide	transparency	and	build	greater	trust	with	end	users.	Discussions	on	Generative	AI	(Gen	
AI)	evaluations	have	typically	focused	on	the	testing	of	large	language	models	(LLMs).	However,	there	is	now	
a	growing	recognition	that	it	is	equally	important	to	test	LLM-based	applications	(LLM	apps)	as	they	have	the	
most direct impact on citizens. 
What is the Starter Kit?
The Starter Kit is a set of voluntary guidelines that consolidates emerging best practices and methodologies to 
test LLM apps for baseline safety and reliability. It focuses on five key risks—(i) hallucination and inaccuracy, 
(ii) bias in decision making, (iii) undesirable content, (iv) data leakage, and (v) vulnerability to adversarial prompts. 
Addressing	these	risks	helps	assuage	many	common	concerns	about	today’s	apps	and	enhances	overall	
trustworthiness in the AI ecosystem. 
The Starter Kit includes the following: 
While there are no straightforward answers, the guidelines offer a perspective for the global community to 
collectively iterate, which represents the first step in codifying standards for AI testing and assurance. The 
recommended testing methodologies will be progressively made available on Project Moonshot, an open-source 
testing toolkit by the AI Verify Foundation. This allows developers to conveniently access and execute the tests 
set out in the Starter Kit.
Foundational Concepts
It seeks to set out what “good” looks like for benchmark tests and red teaming, which are common 
approaches to evaluate LLM apps today. Well-designed tests are foundational to trusted AI assurance. 
Otherwise, assurance claims will lack credibility.
Structured Testing Approach
By setting out a practical and structured approach to pre-deployment testing—from app outputs to app 
components—it seeks to provide a consistent and rigorous approach for LLM app testing to ascertain if 
the app has achieved baseline safety and reliability before going live. Besides setting out methodologies 
to test for the five risks, this section also provides guidance to common questions that may arise during 
the testing process, such as how to determine what scores are good enough and how much testing is 
required for different contexts.
Starter	Kit	for	Testing	LLM-Based	Applications	for	Safety	and	Reliability
Executive Summary07
Future Work
As AI testing matures, newer and better testing methodologies are being developed. Increasingly capable 
systems, such as agentic AI and multimodal AI are also entering the market daily, which bring new concerns. In 
addition, there remain gaps in the app testing ecosystem that need to be collectively addressed, including the 
need for more context-specific benchmarks and leaderboards to help developers draw meaningful insights 
from their results. 
Amid these advancements, we adopt an iterative approach, and will refine and expand the Starter Kit in stages. 
This will ensure that the guidance and tools remain relevant, practical, and aligned with the latest developments.
Overview of the Starter Kit
Hallucination 
and 
Inaccuracy
Tendency to produce 
incorrect or fabricated 
output with respect to 
universal facts or specific 
sources like company policies
 › Domain-specific Knowledge – 
Accuracy and grounding in  
its domain 
 › Handling of Out-of-Domain 
Topics – Responds suitably, does 
not fabricate
 › Retrieval-Augmented 
Generation
Bias in 
Decision 
Making
Tendency to produce 
recommendations 
or decisions that are 
systematically unfair to 
certain groups  
or organisations
 › Parity Testing – Statistical 
comparison across groups
 › Perturbation Testing – 
Counterfactual checks by 
changing selected attributes
 › Model, System 
Prompt
 › Input Filters
Undesirable 
Content
Tendency to produce content 
that is socially harmful (e.g. 
toxic, hateful, stereotypical), 
legally prohibited or  
policy-violating
 › Type of Content – What type of 
undesirable content is produced 
and how frequently
 › Ease of Elicitation – How easy is it 
to elicit such content
 › Helpfulness – Whether the app is 
over-conservative 
 › Input and Output 
Filters
 › System Prompt
Data Leakage
Tendency to leak sensitive 
information that may 
harm individuals  
or organisations 
 › Type of Data – What type of 
sensitive data is leaked and  
how frequently
 › Ease of Elicitation – How easy is it 
to elicit sensitive data
 › Helpfulness – Whether the app is 
over-conservative 
 › Input and Output 
Filters
 › System Prompt
Vulnerability 
to Adversarial 
Prompts
Susceptibility to producing 
unsafe output when 
presented with prompt 
attacks, which attempt to 
override the app’s  
safety mechanisms
 › Direct Prompt Injections – Level 
of resistance to such attacks
 › Indirect Prompt Injections – Level 
of resistance to such attacks
 › Input and Output 
Filters
 › System Prompt
Component Testing 
Diagnose execution 
pathways
Output Testing 
Whether end-to-end app  
output meets expectations
Risks
Objectives and Scope
Baseline Safety and Reliability
Structured Approach to LLM App Testing
Part 1
Introduction

Part 1: Introduction09 Starter	Kit	for	Testing	LLM-Based	Applications	for	Safety	and	Reliability
Part 1: Introduction To The Starter Kit
1.1 Objectives and Scope
1.1.1 What Does the Starter Kit Do
The Starter Kit is a set of voluntary guidelines to help you test your LLM app1 for baseline safety and reliability. 
It consolidates emerging best practices and methodologies to test LLM apps to help you navigate this rapidly 
evolving space. Through testing, organisations can provide transparency on app safety and build greater trust 
with end users.
This can be done in three key steps:
By addressing five key risks, the Starter Kit seeks to enhance overall trustworthiness in the AI ecosystem and 
assuage	many	common	concerns	in	today’s	apps,	such	as:
1. Hallucination and Inaccuracy
2. Bias in Decision Making
3. Undesirable Content
4. Data Leakage
5. Vulnerability to Adversarial Prompts
The Starter Kit consolidates emerging best practices and methodologies, providing greater consistency in LLM 
app testing. It aims to codify standards and contribute to the growth of the AI testing and assurance ecosystem.
1.1.2 Who is the Starter Kit For 
Here are some personas and stakeholder groups that may benefit from the Starter Kit: 
 › Developers, testing teams and third-party testers, who can use this guide to identify risks relevant to LLM 
apps, test for them, and validate whether the app is safe and reliable. This ensures that testing is conducted 
in a structured and rigorous manner that is consistent with industry best practices.
 › Compliance and responsible AI professionals, who can use this guide to understand key testing-related 
concepts	and	to	build	a	clearer	sense	of	what	“good”	looks	like.	For	example,	it	answers	questions	such	as,	
“How do you assess whether sufficient testing has been conducted, or whether the test results are good 
enough?”	While	there	are	no	straightforward	answers,	the	guidance	brings	together	diverse	perspectives	
from AI experts for the global community to collectively iterate on.
Identify
Determine the relevant risks to 
test for your app, calibrate the 
extent of testing required, and 
define thresholds for baseline 
safety and reliability.
1
Test
Run tests in a structured 
manner,	from	the	app’s	
outputs to its components.
2
Assess
Analyse the results to 
determine whether baseline 
safety and reliability have 
been achieved, and decide on 
mitigations and next steps.
3
1 These are apps	or	“A I	sys tems” that leverage the capabilities of LLMs to perform text-based generative tasks. They include question-answering systems, 
summarisation	tools,	and	general	content	generation	use	cases	such	as	marketing	copywriting	assistants.	Throughout	this	document,	“apps”	refers	to	
LLM apps, unless otherwise noted.
Part 1: Introduction10 Starter	Kit	for	Testing	LLM-Based	Applications	for	Safety	and	Reliability
1.1.3 When to Use the Starter Kit
The Starter Kit primarily focuses on the pre-deployment testing phase in the Software Development Life Cycle 
[1].	At	this	stage,	the	app	has	been	developed,	and	key	components	(including	guardrails	or	safeguards)	have	
been incorporated. The objective is to ensure that the app functions as intended, and meets baseline safety 
and reliability requirements prior to being deployed and used by end users. 
1.1.4 How to Read the Starter Kit Alongside Other Frameworks 
Since 2018, IMDA has continually updated and released new AI governance frameworks to support responsible 
AI development and deployment by the industry. 
 › In 2024, we issued the Model AI Governance Framework (MGF) for Gen AI, which expands on the 2020 
MGF, to set out a comprehensive approach across nine dimensions3 to build a trusted AI ecosystem with 
the advent of Gen AI. The Starter Kit is a technical document that expands on the dimension of “Testing  
and	Assurance”.
 › The Starter Kit also supports the implementation of the AI Verify Testing Framework, which is a process 
checklist for organisations based on 11 globally recognised AI governance principles. It outlines how to 
practically implement outcomes such as Outcome 4.1, which recommends that organisations “carry out 
regular	tests	to	evaluate	for	safety	and	possible	harms”,	and	Outcome	7 .2	which	recommends	testing	for	
potential biases.
In a similar vein, this Starter Kit sets out detailed guidance that is aligned with international frameworks, including:
 › The US National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) AI Risk Management Framework (AI RMF) 
and its Gen AI Profile, particularly in MEASURE Function 1 and 2.
 › The International Organisation for Standardisation/International Electrotechnical Commission (ISO/
IEC) 42001 on AI Management Systems, particularly Reference Controls A.6.
 › The Expanded ASEAN4 Guide on AI Governance and Ethics, particularly in providing the foundation for 
recommendations on developing regionally applicable benchmarks and testing tools in Section 3.5 on 
“Testing	and	Assurance”.
 › Representation of a typical SDLC lifecycle. The Starter Kit focuses on pre-deployment testing2.
Planning and 
Requirement 
Gathering
Define project 
scope and collect 
stakeholder 
requirements
System
Design
Create high-level 
architecture 
and design 
specifications
Development
Build the 
application 
(coding and 
implementation)
Testing
Verify the 
performance and 
safety to ensure 
the app functions 
as intended
Deployment
Release the 
application to 
end users or the 
production 
environment
Maintenance 
and Support
Provide ongoing 
monitoring, 
updates, and 
issue resolution 
Note that the safety and reliability testing described in this document is intended to complement, and not replace 
standard performance testing, including unit, integration, and system testing. 
2 While the primary focus is pre-deployment testing, the considerations in this guide can help you think ahead on how to build safety into the earlier stages 
of development. Further, post deployment monitoring remains essential to ensure that the app continues to meet your requirements.
3 The nine dimensions are accountability, data, trusted development and deployment, incident reporting, testing and assurance, security, content 
provenance, safety and alignment R&D, and AI for Public Good.
4 The Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Part 1: Introduction11 Starter	Kit	for	Testing	LLM-Based	Applications	for	Safety	and	Reliability
1.2 Baseline Safety and Reliability
1.2.1 What is Baseline Safety and Reliability
A key objective of pre-deployment testing is to ensure that the LLM app has achieved baseline safety and 
reliability before it goes into production. 
To reiterate, we set out a three-step approach for testing:
1. Identify: Determine the relevant risks to test for your app, calibrate the extent of testing required, and define 
thresholds for baseline safety and reliability.
2. Test: Run	tests	in	a	structured	manner,	from	the	app’s	outputs	to	its	components.
3. Assess: Analyse results and determine whether your safety thresholds (i.e. baseline safety and reliability) 
have been met, to inform mitigations and next steps.
Baseline safety and reliability is achieved when test results demonstrate that the app meets safety 
thresholds (akin to the passing mark), as described in Step 1. Section 3.1.4 includes guidance on how to set  
reasonable thresholds. 
Can a universal baseline apply to all apps? 
The simple answer is no. App testing is highly context-specific. For example, the level of accuracy demanded of 
a medical diagnosis app will differ from that of a general customer enquiry app. Ultimately, each organisation 
must determine its own safety threshold or baseline. 
1.2.2 What are Core Benchmarks?
Organisations do not always need to design tests from scratch, especially if their specific context is not 
uncommon. They can consider leveraging publicly available benchmarks, which will not only reduce the effort 
required for testing, but also provide a common reference point for comparison with other similar apps. This, 
however, is provided that the public benchmark is representative of their specific context and is well designed. 
As public benchmarks vary in quality, IMDA has curated a non-exhaustive list of core benchmarks for some 
commonly encountered contexts, which organisations may consider for their testing purposes. 
 › If these contexts apply to you, you can consider using the recommended benchmarks for testing. 
 › If not, the Starter Kit offers guidance on how to design customised tests for your specific contexts in a 
structured manner that is consistent with industry best practices. 
While these benchmarks are generally curated for their thoughtful design, there may still be limitations given 
that the science of AI testing is still evolving. You may refer to the risk-specific sections for more details on the 
selected benchmarks. 
Further, as benchmarks are constantly being improved on, it would be useful to check for the latest version, or 
whether newer and better benchmarks have been released after January 2026.
Part 1: Introduction12 Starter	Kit	for	Testing	LLM-Based	Applications	for	Safety	and	Reliability
Risk Specific Context Benchmark Status
Hallucination 
and 
Inaccuracy
Knowledge of  
Singapore’s  
general facts
 › Singapore Factuality 
Benchmark
In development by IMDA 
(Available	in	Moonshot	by	
2026)
Knowledge of  
Singapore’s law
 › Singapore Legal 
Benchmark
In development by IMDA 
(Available	in	Moonshot	by	
2026)
Knowledge of  
ASEAN general facts
 › ASEAN Factuality 
Benchmark
In development by IMDA 
(Available	in	Moonshot	
progressively	from	2026)
Bias in 
Decision 
Making
Not Applicable. Testing for bias in decision making is highly context-dependent. Each use case 
would have its own definition of fairness, a set of characteristics that should inform decisions, 
and ground truth references for acceptable outcomes, based on what the organisation needs 
to prioritise.
Undesirable 
Content
Socially harmful or  
legally prohibited in 
Western context
 › MLCommons 
AIluminate Safety 
Benchmark v1.0	[2]
Available in Moonshot
Socially harmful or  
legally prohibited in 
Singapore’s context
 › Singapore Undesirable 
Content Benchmark5
In development by IMDA 
(Available	in	Moonshot	by	
2026)	
Socially harmful or  
legally prohibited in 
ASEAN’s context
 › ASEAN Undesirable 
Content Benchmark
In development by IMDA 
(Available	in	Moonshot	
progressively	from	2026)	
Data Leakage Not Applicable. Testing for data leakage is highly context-dependent. Data leakage is inherently 
tied to the specific sensitive data types that your app can access (e.g. customer records, enterprise 
documents, system prompts), which generic public benchmarks will not cover.
However, there are public resources (e.g. academic benchmarks, off-the-shelf tools) on prompt 
variations and detection patterns, which can help you design your own benchmarks, covered in 
the risk-specific section.
Vulnerability 
to Adversarial 
Prompts
References6 for 
prompt injections 
with common attack 
techniques and goals
 › MLCommons 
AIluminate Jailbreak 
Benchmark v1.0	[3]
In development7 by 
MLCommons
 › PINT Benchmark by 
Lakera	[4]
Available on request
 › CyberSecEval 4 
(Prompt	Injection)	by	
Meta	(Purple	Llama)	[5]
Available in Moonshot
Indirect prompt 
injections with 
common attack 
techniques and goals 
 › BIPIA Benchmark by 
Microsoft	[6]
Available on GitHub
5 While this core benchmark is in development, consider using RabakBench or SGHateCheck	for	undesirable	content	in	Singapore’s	context	(covered	in	
the risk-specific section).
6 While these benchmarks may not be directly applicable for plug-and-play app output testing, they can serve as useful reference points for attack 
techniques and goals that may be adapted as needed.
7 Version 0.5 results have been published (benchmark not released). Version 1.0 is expected in 2026, and release approach is to be confirmed by 
MLCommons. 
Part 1: Introduction13 Starter	Kit	for	Testing	LLM-Based	Applications	for	Safety	and	Reliability
1.3 Structured Approach to LLM App Testing
1.3.1 How to Ensure that the Tests are Rigorous and Trusted 
For the test results to be credible, the underlying test methodology must be rigorous and well designed. In the 
Starter Kit, we set out a systematic and comprehensive testing approach that includes both output testing to 
assess overall app behaviour and safety, and component testing to examine the inner workings of the app, 
particularly when output results are not up to expectations.  
Common methods8 for testing LLM apps include benchmarking and red teaming9. Benchmarking provides a 
standardised	way	to	assess	an	app’s	safety	against	known	reference	points,	while	red	teaming	dynamically	
probes for blind spots, uncovers edge cases, and stress-tests weaknesses revealed by benchmarking. Refer 
to Part	2:	Foundation	Concepts	to	understand	how	to	design	“good”	tests	using	these	methods.
1.3.2 What is Output Testing
Output testing treats the app like a black box and evaluates it as a whole to determine whether its overall 
behaviour meets expectations. 
When conducted at the pre-deployment stage (after all components and mitigations are in place), output 
testing reflects how actual end users would interact with the app. This helps surface any unaddressed issues 
before release.
Findings from output testing may highlight specific strengths and weaknesses, and common sources of error. 
For example, a chatbot may perform well in financial queries, but struggle with medical ones. These findings 
can inform further investigation and mitigation, after which testing may be repeated to ensure that the required 
thresholds are met. 
1.3.3 What is Component Testing 
Component testing entails testing inside the application pipeline. It helps verify that the app produces the correct 
outputs through the intended pathways. 
 › When output test results do not meet expectations, component testing can help with identifying failure 
points for debugging and further mitigation.
 › Even where output testing results appear satisfactory, component testing remains useful for uncovering 
hidden issues, as correct outputs may mask faults within the application pipeline. For instance, an app 
might produce the correct answer despite having retrieved irrelevant documents from search and retrieval 
mechanisms	like	Retrieval-Augmented	Generation	(RAG).	
Component testing helps to improve reliability and traceability and reduces the likelihood of unexpected failures 
post deployment, especially in high-stakes use cases. 
8 Pre-deployment testing may also include user testing, such as user simulation, pilots with early user groups, and A/B testing.
9 Including both adversarial and non-adversarial testing.
Part 1: Introduction14 Starter	Kit	for	Testing	LLM-Based	Applications	for	Safety	and	Reliability
Testing Approaches
App components may be tested in the following ways:
 › Test the component in isolation (similar to unit testing): The component is tested independent of the rest 
of the app. This approach is useful for checking for specific behaviours or failure modes.
 › Evaluate the system with and without the component (similar to ablation testing): This entails removing 
or	disabling	one	component	of	the	app	at	a	time	and	observing	how	the	app’s	performance	changes.	This	
method helps to understand how the component impacts the system as a whole, and may reveal more 
complex interactions.
Common App Components
The typical components to test for in an LLM app are shown below:
INPUT
OUTPUT
Input Filter
Screens and moderates user inputs for problematic or sensitive content (e.g. by removing or 
anonymising content) before they reach the model.
Output Filter
Screens and moderates the model’s response before it is delivered to the user, helping to 
detect and remove harmful, misleading, sensitive (e.g. personal identifiers) or inappropriate 
content that may have been generated. In LLM-based agentic systems, this filter may also include a check 
that	the	agent’s	tool	calls	are	safe	and	valid	before	they	are	executed.	
System Prompt
Sets the initial instructions or 
guardrails for the model. This defines 
the tone, style, and behavioural boundaries 
for	the	model’s	response	(e.g.	“be	helpful	and	
concise”,	“avoid	certain	topics”,	“do	not	reveal	 
sensitive	information”).	
External Knowledge Base
Supplements	the	model’s	capabilities	
by providing information from outside 
sources, such as databases or websites 
to improve the factuality and relevance  
of outputs. 
This is usually delivered through a RAG pipeline, 
where a retrieval component obtains relevant 
information from the knowledge base, and the 
generation component (i.e. the LLM) uses this 
information to generate its response.
Model
The underlying LLM, which typically 
receives a system (developer) prompt, 
user prompt, and sometimes an assistant prompt 
to generate a response. Other App Components

Part 1: Introduction15 Starter	Kit	for	Testing	LLM-Based	Applications	for	Safety	and	Reliability
1.3.4 Ensuring Robustness and Consistency of Results
When running safety tests, it is important for your results to be robust and consistent. 
 › Robustness means verifying that the app behaves in a dependable way, even under varied or unexpected 
inputs (e.g. differently worded prompts, adversarial phrasing, out-of-distribution queries, and perturbations 
like spelling errors within the prompt). A robust test set captures a range of such variations so that your 
results reflect how the app performs under real-world usage. Part 3 includes risk-specific guidance on 
relevant perturbations (e.g. introducing noise like wrong spellings and obfuscations, changing protected 
characteristics). 
 › Consistency means checking that your evaluation results are stable across multiple runs under similar 
conditions. Performing multiple runs, even on a subset10 of your evaluation dataset, can surface variability 
in outcomes. If outcomes fluctuate significantly across runs, the evaluation may not be stable enough to 
support confident conclusions. Section 3.7.2 covers details on analysing results and deriving confidence 
intervals across runs, as well as guidance on what to do when results vary substantially. 
10 This is provided that the samples are representative and well-sampled.
